pair_programming.md, before:

# Pair Programming Session

Organizer: @toch
When: Saturday

Traditionally two roles are considered in pair programming: the driver and the
navigator. The driver has control of the keyboard, and focuses on the immediate
task of programming. The navigator looks out for tactical errors, such as typos,
and strategic errors, such as heading down the wrong path.

It's a great way to learn and have fun together. When paired with a more
experienced developer, a novice can learn a lot by being active and having quick
feedback on what she/he does. For that reason, we'll create pairs based on
people that want to improve and to learn, especially novices.

Program:

* a few words introducing the practice
* 2 hours of pair programming

If you want to participate add your name in the following section.

If you are a novice (as a programmer or about a new technology/framework),
you'll come with the goal of your session. Add your name into the **promoter**
section, and describe what you want to work on. Commit your change on a new
branch, create a PullRequest with it, label it with the tag pair-programming.

If you want to help someone, just add your name in to the **helpers** section.
Add also a few keywords on the kind of things you can help. Go through the
existing PullRequests and check who you can help.

I, @toch, will help you to create the pairs.

## Participants

### Promoters

Promoter     | Project                    |
------------ | -------------------------- |
~~@djouuuuh~~    | Create a RoR webservice with an admin interface to manage a list of shops locations and information (displayed as a marker with a popup on a Google Map, for example). |
...          | ...                     |

### Helpers

Pseudo       | Skill                             |
------------ | --------------------------------- |
@toch        | ruby, crystal, AI, stat           |
@flexbox     | front-end, HTML, Sass, JavaScript |
@tgautier    | ruby/rails, code architecture (the other rails way), devops & cloud computing best practices |
~~@apneadiving~~ | ruby, javascript, angular         |

### Pairs

Promoter    | Helper        | Project                    |
------------ | ------------ | -------------------------- |
@djouuuuh    | @apneadiving | Create a RoR webservice with an admin interface to manage a list of shops locations and information (displayed as a marker with a popup on a Google Map, for example). |
...          | ...          | ...                        |

Commit message:

Adds a project (planetarion.com clone)

pair_programming.md, after:

# Pair Programming Session

Organizer: @toch
When: Saturday

Traditionally two roles are considered in pair programming: the driver and the
navigator. The driver has control of the keyboard, and focuses on the immediate
task of programming. The navigator looks out for tactical errors, such as typos,
and strategic errors, such as heading down the wrong path.

It's a great way to learn and have fun together. When paired with a more
experienced developer, a novice can learn a lot by being active and having quick
feedback on what she/he does. For that reason, we'll create pairs based on
people that want to improve and to learn, especially novices.

Program:

* a few words introducing the practice
* 2 hours of pair programming

If you want to participate add your name in the following section.

If you are a novice (as a programmer or about a new technology/framework),
you'll come with the goal of your session. Add your name into the **promoter**
section, and describe what you want to work on. Commit your change on a new
branch, create a PullRequest with it, label it with the tag pair-programming.

If you want to help someone, just add your name in to the **helpers** section.
Add also a few keywords on the kind of things you can help. Go through the
existing PullRequests and check who you can help.

I, @toch, will help you to create the pairs.

## Participants

### Promoters

Promoter     | Project                    |
------------ | -------------------------- |
~~@djouuuuh~~    | Create a RoR webservice with an admin interface to manage a list of shops locations and information (displayed as a marker with a popup on a Google Map, for example). |
~~@hannesfostie~~ | Create an online game much like Planetarion.com - this is as geeky as it gets, but something I think could get creative juices flowing. Way different from regular web app programming, I think. This is only for fun, but I think having more than 2 people on this could work. |
...          | ...                     |

### Helpers

Pseudo       | Skill                             |
------------ | --------------------------------- |
@toch        | ruby, crystal, AI, stat           |
@flexbox     | front-end, HTML, Sass, JavaScript |
@tgautier    | ruby/rails, code architecture (the other rails way), devops & cloud computing best practices |
~~@apneadiving~~ | ruby, javascript, angular         |

### Pairs

Promoter    | Helper        | Project                    |
------------ | ------------ | -------------------------- |
@djouuuuh    | @apneadiving | Create a RoR webservice with an admin interface to manage a list of shops locations and information (displayed as a marker with a popup on a Google Map, for example). |
...          | ...          | ...                        |
