talks.md, before:

# Talks, RoundTables, Workshops

Pseudo                                | Description                            | Type
------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | -----------------
[flexbox](https://github.com/flexbox) | Craft _everything_ with Middleman      | front-end
[leikind](https://github.com/leikind) | A rant about Rails table builder number 2 according to https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/categories/Table_Builders, API overview, what it is like to support a gem throughout years, call for help and other whining   | rails, gem
[toch](https://github.com/toch)       | Presenting and discussing the Ruby Belgium association (how to grow the community, how can you help, what can we do to help the job market) | association
Olivier | Mike from the Pragmatic Studio just released [a new course](https://pragmaticstudio.com/elm). What are your thoughts on this? Is Elm really going to replace Javascript? How does it relate to Rails?     | front-end
[cveneziani](https://github.com/cveneziani) | How I use Form objects in my Rails applications | rails, gem

Commit message:

Add type of each talk

talks.md, after:

# Talks, RoundTables, Workshops

Pseudo                                | Description                            | Type | Topics
------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ---- | ------------
[flexbox](https://github.com/flexbox) | Craft _everything_ with Middleman      | talk | front-end
[leikind](https://github.com/leikind) | A rant about Rails table builder number 2 according to https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/categories/Table_Builders, API overview, what it is like to support a gem throughout years, call for help and other whining   | talk | rails, gem
[toch](https://github.com/toch)       | Presenting and discussing the Ruby Belgium association (how to grow the community, how can you help, what can we do to help the job market) | round table | association
Olivier | Mike from the Pragmatic Studio just released [a new course](https://pragmaticstudio.com/elm). What are your thoughts on this? Is Elm really going to replace Javascript? How does it relate to Rails?     | talk | front-end
[cveneziani](https://github.com/cveneziani) | How I use Form objects in my Rails applications | talk | rails, gem
